I was so surprised when you suddenly spoke to me.
Well, so what happened?
Teachers are using works made by other people in their classes.
Yes. Indeed, some of the materials and images used
in school classes include works made by people other than teachers.
Are you sure about the permissions?
As we all know, the Copyright Law is the basic rule
in dealing with works created by others.
Usually, permission from the copyright owner is required.
In addition, there are special rules
that allow using copyrighted material
without the copyright owner’s permission
if specific requirements are met.
This is called the limitation of rights provision.
When dealing with the copyrighted works of others,
such as materials required for a class, etc.,
we no longer need permission
under this right limitation provision.
A provision for limitation of rights?
Yes, because this idea of limitation of rights is essential,
you need to understand it as a rule.
Yes, you all noticed an excellent point.
The purpose of the concept of copyright is
to contribute to the development of culture
by encouraging the fair exploitation of copyrighted works
and by protecting the rights of the authors of the copyrighted work.
However, cultural development can be done
by using past works and can be helped by learning from them.
For this reason,
for the benefit of society as a whole and the development of culture,
some limitations may be placed on the rights of the copyright owner.
This is the concept of copyright limitation, also known as limitation of rights.
By this limitation of rights,
you may be free to use the copyrighted works of others.
This limitation of rights, in limited cases, allows you to use
someone else’s work without the copyright owner’s consent.
Please understand that this is only an exception.
I see. So, it’s just an exception.
What other cases are there?
Limitations on copyright include these.
Typical examples are reproductions for private use,
reproductions in libraries etc.,
citations, non-commercial performances, etc.,
and use for education and testing.
This one, mainly, is a limitation of rights closely related to schools
and educational institutions.
In addition to the ones just mentioned,
the use of copyrighted works in the broadcast of school educational programs,
the creation of enlarged books for children with disabilities, etc. are also allowed.
I know it’s an exception, but there are quite a few.
Yes, I know. There are a lot of provisions, but here, in particular,
we explain Article 35,
Reproduction and Public Transmission Rights in Educational Institutions.
For example, reproducing and distributing a limited number of copies
of a necessary part of another person’s work
for teachers, students,and pupils
to use in the classroom falls under the limitation of rights.
I know you have received photocopied materials in class.
You may not be aware of these, but this is permitted
by the copyright limitations under the Copyright Law.
I see. Somehow, I usually give and receive copies.
I was unaware of it because I was just doing it.
Yeah. I didn’t know that was allowed by the rules.
Sure, school classes should be for the
“benefit of society as a whole and the development of culture.”
Yes. However, it is not simply a matter of being allowed
to use it; several requirements must be met.
There are quite a lot of requirements.
I wonder if I can remember them.
Yes, it can be hard to remember them all!
However, a person in a position to make or distribute
reproductions should check if necessary.
Professor, is that right?
Yes.
What does that mean,
‘not unreasonably prejudice the interests of the copyright owner’?
I’m not sure what you mean by unjustly harming them,
though the rule of limitation of rights allows it.
For example, suppose that you may be exposed to the contents
of a specific book in a class or seminar.
In that case, you can make only the necessary copies
of the parts required.
If they are to be distributed, they would fall
within the scope of this limitation on rights.
Then, go on with your classes and seminars, what do you think
a reasonable amount of that book should be subject to?
I would photocopy all the books and distribute them!
No, you can’t! Then that book won’t sell,
and the authors or publishers lose their profits.
Do you mean that it unfairly harms the interests of the copyright owner?
That’s right. In the case of classes where a certain percentage
or more of the content of a book is covered,
I ask the students to buy the book.
Also, the Law was recently amended regarding public transmission
for classes due to the need for online courses.
By paying compensation, educational institutions can transmit
other people’s copyrighted works
to students through the university system,
as long as the transmission is limited to those taking the course.
This can be said to be a special form of limitation of rights.
Thanks to this system, our university can now use
other people’s copyrighted works in online classes
like face-to-face courses and provide students
with class materials via the university system.
Until now, we have needed permission from the copyright owner,
which has been quite a difficult hurdle to overcome.
That must have been hard before.
In addition, limitations of rights also include the right
to reproduce works that have been published for the benefit
of the blind in Braille and the right for those engaged
in certain welfare-related activities to reproduce works
in a format that is necessary for deaf people,
such as transcribing the audio of a work into text.
These limitations of rights can also be said to be useful
for the benefit of society as a whole and for the development of culture.
As you can see, there are many limitations of rights
provisions related to education.
However, as we have said before,
it is essential to remember that these are exceptions
that are limited to cases where the requirements
for the rights of the copyright owner are met.
In other words, just because it is
a class does not mean that everything is free,
and it is important to think carefully about whether
the requirements for limitations of rights are met in each situation.
Yes. I understand.